fix: Fix vscode-graphql-syntax’s grammar to support string literals on separate lines (#3518)
graphql/graphiql: .changeset/famous-games-begin.md

---
'vscode-graphql-syntax': patch
---

> Fix Textmate grammar to support string literals that don’t immediately follow a function call paranthesis (`(`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix TextMate grammar to support string literals that don’t immediately follow a function call's left-parenthesis (`(`).
```
